feat: [PIPE-18856]: Add information regarding execution filter (#6757)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/executions/execution-history.md

    - [Compare Pipeline](/docs/platform/pipelines/executions-and-logs/view-and-compare-pipeline-executions/#compare-executions)
    - [Download Logs](/docs/platform/pipelines/executions-and-logs/download-logs)

## Filter execution

> You can filter pipeline executions using the filters in `Execution History` or in `Execution` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter pipeline executions using the filters in the **Execution History** or **Execution** tabs.
```

Reviewer: bold for UI elements and ` ` code, variable name, file name, path etc.

![](./static/execution_filter_1.png)

> You can filter pipeline execution based on **Status**, **Execution Mode**, **Trigger Type**, **Trigger Identifier**, **Timeframe**, **Deployment Type**, **Services**, **Environments**, **Artifacts** or **Build Type**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter pipeline executions based on **Status**, **Execution Mode**, **Trigger Type**, **Trigger Identifier**, **Timeframe**, **Deployment Type**, **Services**, **Environments**, **Artifacts** or **Build Type**.
```

![](./static/execution_filter_2.png)

### Status

Filter pipeline execution based on Status of Pipeline Execution.

It includes:

- Aborted
- Aborted By Freeze
- Expired
- Failed
- Not Started 
- Paused
- Queueud
- Running
- Success
- Suspended
- Resource Waiting
- Async Waiting
- Skipped
- Task Waiting
- Timed Waiting
- Errored
- Ignore Failure
- Discontinuing
- Approval Rejected
- Intervention Waiting 
- Approval Waiting
- Pausing 
- Input Waiting
- Wait Step Running
- Queued License Limit Reached
- Queued Execution Concurrency Reached

> ### Execution Mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Execution mode
```

Reviewer: use sentence case for sub headings

Filter pipeline execution based on Execution mode:-

- **Default**: It shows the latest executions(of any retry) and normal execution(without retries) and rollbacks.
- **All**: It lists the old retries as well for the retried executions along with the default ones.
- **Rollback**: It only lists those executions which were executed in the rollback mode.

> ### Trigger Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Trigger type
```

Filter pipeline execution based on type of trigger.

It includes:

- MANUAL
- WEBHOOK
- WEBHOOK_CUSTOM
- SCHEDULE_CRON
- ARTIFACT
- MANIFEST

> ### Trigger Identifer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Trigger identifier
```

> You can mention your trigger identifer to filter pipeline execution triggered by that Trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can mention trigger identifers to filter pipeline execution triggered by a particular trigger.
```

### Timeframe

> Filter pipeline execution based on TimeFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter pipeline execution based on time.
```

![](./static/execution_filter_timeframe.png)

> ### Deployment Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deployment type
```

> Filter pipeline execution based on Deployment Type that was used in the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter pipeline execution based on the deployment type used in the pipeline.
```

It includes:

- Kubernetes
- Native Helm
- SSH
- WinRM
- Serverless Lambda
- Azure Web Apps
- Deployment Templates 
- Amazon ECS
- Spot Elasticgroup
- Tanzu Application Service
- AWS Lambda
- AWS Sam

### Services

You can filter the pipeline execution based on deployed services; select your services from the dropdown menu.

![](./static/execution_filter_service.png)

### Environments

> You can filter pipeline execution based on the environment where you have deployed your service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter pipeline execution based on the environment to which you have deployed your service.
```

### Artifacts

> Filter pipeline execution based on Artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter pipeline execution based on artifacts.
```

> ### Build Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build type
```

> Filter pipeline execution based on Build Type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter pipeline execution based on build type.
```

It includes:

> - Pull Request/ Merge Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pull Request/Merge Request
```
